hey there spy there this is your boy
Mikey Bustos this video is an in-depth
tutorial of the Filipino accent the
first thing to know is there are no
Epsons pollo playpark
filipino philippines family snowflake
nobody sounds victory van bebo livin la
vida loca golden retriever blog and blog
sound the same the lack of B probably
comes from the Spanish influence when
the spaniards invaded philippines in the
fifteen hundreds that is why many of us
filipinos have spanish last names like
Bustos my pole name is Michael Johnny
Adan to manifest an you Bustos try
saying that five times also worth noting
there's no th it's either D sound like
that is their damn breathe or T sound
like dig deep beneath this elf bread
also another thing to note is that the
Filipino language lacks the he-she
distinct pronounced it's only one in